Update ansible readme to make sure the server is created by terraform (#926)
thetribeio/generator-project: generators/root/templates/deployment/ansible/ansible/README.md

The `staging.py` and `production.py` are inventory scripts that automaticaly
pulls servers informations from terraform outputs. To use them you need to

> [setup terraform](../terraform/README.md#Configuration) first and create your environment.

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
[setup terraform](../terraform/README.md#Configuration) and create your environment first.
```

Reviewer: Or better
```suggestion
[setup terraform](../terraform/README.md#Configuration) and [create your environment](../terraform/README.md#/terraform#creating-or-updating-an-environment).
```
